    OOP(Object oriented programming):-
    
      OOPs refers to languages that uses objects in programming. Object-oriented 
    programming used to implement real-world entities like inheritance, hiding, 
    polymorphism etc in programming.The main aim of OOP is to bind together the 
    data and the functions that operate on them so that no other part of the code 
    can access this data except that function. 

    
    Difference between object oriented and object based programming language:-
    
    1.Object-Oriented Languages (OOP) follow all the concepts of OOPs whereas, 
    Object-based languages don’t follow all the concepts of OOPs like inheritance and polymorphism.
    2.Object-oriented languages do not have the inbuilt objects whereas Object-based languages have 
    the inbuilt objects, for example, JavaScript has window object.
    include VB etc.
    3.Example:-OOPs(java,python,c++),OBP(JavaScript,CSS)


    Object created programming system:-
    It is a system in which we can only create objects.we can't use these objects,
    Example:-HTML


    Difference between class and object

    Class:-
    1.It is a template which shows the behavior and functioning of an object.
    2.it is not a real world entity.
    3.It doesn't occupy memory.
    4.it is a collection of objects.
    5..Example:-Animal,Vehicles,etc.

    Object:- 
    1.It has attribute and behaviour.
    2.It is a real world entity.
    3.It occupies memory.
    4.it has three things
        a.identity(name of dog)
        b.behaviour(eat,run)
        c.attribute(age,color)
    5.Example:-Dog,car,etc.

    
    Constructor:-
    1.used to initialize te data
    2.name should same as class.
    3.it will be called automatically.
    4.special funtion create objects at the same time and initialize the object.
    5. has no return type.


    Data Encapsulation:-
    if you want to make your data as a private data
      So, create your data variable with underscore.
      _rollNo --> This _ means the dta will behave like a private data.
      Now, you can't access your data directly.
    then, how you can access the private data ?
      In order to access the private data, we will define some function or member function
      Note:- Objects can't access the private data, only member function has access to the private data.
      Getter and Setter are those function inside the class that have access to private data.
      1. To use getter function 
        -type get keyword and function name 
        -example: int? get getChasis => _ChassisNo;
      2. To use setter function
        -we upadte the data with this function
        -set setChessis(int? value) => _ChesisNo =value;
      For code go to SaperateClassAndMain folder in oops folder.


      Inheritance:-
      -if code is written already in another class then we can inherit this class within class.
      -inherit means one class contains all the functions, properties by using extends keyword
      -types of inheritance
        1.single inheritance
        2.Multilevel inheritance
        3.Hierarchical inheritance
      -For code go to oops folder.



      





